Learning objectives (#6)
mitre/fhir-for-research: modules/fhir-community.qmd

  - Clinician Scientist/Trainee

learning_objectives:

>   - question: Describe three ways to get involved or seek assistance from the FHIR community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Describe how to get involved or seek assistance from the FHIR community.
```

>     answer: Three ways to engage with the FHIR community are through [Work Groups](https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=4489802), Zulip ([https://chat.fhir.org](https://chat.fhir.org)), and [Connectathons](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/Connectathons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    answer: Options for engaging with the FHIR community include [HL7 Work Groups](https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=4489802), Zulip (<https://chat.fhir.org>), and [HL7 Connectathons](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/Connectathons).
```

  - question: Explain the purpose of [chat.fhir.org](https://chat.fhir.org) and give an example of a stream found on the site.
    answer: Zulip ([chat.fhir.org](https://chat.fhir.org)) is a great places to ask FHIR-related questions. One popular stream for developers is [#implementers](https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179166-implementers).
  - question: Contrast the purpose of HL7’s Confluence site with HL7’s Jira site.

>     answer: HL7 resources and Work Groups are primarily found in [HL7 Confluence](https://confluence.hl7.org), while project statuses and ballot comments can be seen in [HL7 Jira](https://jira.hl7.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa).

Reviewer: I think these are two low-level. I'm happy just deleting these as the general idea is covered by the first learning objective, but feel free to switch to something else if you want.

Author: Good point. I removed the last two questions and submitted new commit with those changes.
